Resolves: #76, Add get_cost to chat (#106)
posit-dev/chatlas: CHANGELOG.md

### New features

> * Token pricing can now be looked up from our `prices.json` price list using `get_token_pricing()`. (#106)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Token pricing can now be looked up from our internally maintained price list using `get_token_pricing()`. (#106)
```

> * `Chat`'s representation will now include cost information if it can be calculated. (#106)

Reviewer: Improvement?

Author: Moved the Chat line there ✔️

* Tool functions passed to `.register_tool()` can now `yield` numerous results. (#39)
* New content classes (`ContentToolResultImage` and `ContentToolResultResource`) were added, primarily to represent MCP tool results that include images/files. (#39)
* A `Tool` can now be constructed from a pre-existing tool schema (via a new `__init__` method). (#39)
* The `Chat.app()` method gains a `host` parameter. (#122) 
* `ChatGithub()` now supports the more standard `GITHUB_TOKEN` environment variable for storing the API key. (#123)
* Token pricing can now be looked up from our internally maintained price list using `get_token_pricing()`. (#106)

### Breaking changes

* `Chat` constructors (`ChatOpenAI()`, `ChatAnthropic()`, etc) no longer have a `turns` keyword parameter. Use the `.set_turns()` method instead to set the (initial) chat history. (#126)

### Changes

#### Breaking Changes

* `Chat`'s `.tokens()` methods have been removed in favor of `.get_tokens()` which returns both cumulative tokens in the turn and discrete tokens. (#106)

> * `Provider`s now require a name and model. Sensible defaults are supplied for our implemented providers. They are set during initialization as properties. (#106)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The base `Provider` class now includes a `name` and `model` property. In order for them to work properly, implementations should pass a `name` and `model` along to the `__init__()` method. (#106)
```

#### Other Changes

* `Tool`'s constructor no longer takes a function as input. Use the new `.from_func()` method instead to create a `Tool` from a function. (#39)
* `.register_tool()` now throws an exception when the tool has the same name as an already registered tool. Set the new `force` parameter to `True` to force the registration. (#39)

### Improvements

> * `Chat`'s representation will now include cost information if it can be calculated. (#106)
> * `token_usage()` will include cost if it can be calculated. (#106)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `Chat`'s representation now includes cost information if it can be calculated. (#106)
* `token_usage()` includes cost if it can be calculated. (#106)
```

    * `.register_mcp_tools_http_stream_async()` and `.register_mcp_tools_stdio_async()`: for registering tools from a [MCP server](https://modelcontextprotocol.io/). (#39)
    * `.get_tools()` and `.set_tools()`: for fine-grained control over registered tools. (#39)
    * `.add_turn()`: to add `Turn`(s) to the current chat history. (#126)

>     * `Chat` gains new `.get_cost()` method, making it easier to get the estimated cost of your chat. Use our pricing list or bring your own token prices. (#106)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * `.get_cost()`: to get the estimated cost of the chat. Only popular models are supported, but you can also supply your own token prices. (#106)
```

### Changes

* `token_usage()` will include cost if it can be calculated. (#106)

> * `log_tokens()` now requires a model and will provide cost information if it can be calculated. (#106)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
